well no information this afternoon
involving ass will officials say there
still aren't sure though what sparked a
confrontation between a student and his
teacher that sent one of them to the
hospital it happened yesterday at
henkins middle school in Theodore just
as it was time to head home
that story is first at four
it's back to business at Hankins middle
school in Theodore
one day after a seventh grade student
allegedly assaulted a teacher interim
school superintendent
Martha Peake says the incident happened
at the end of the school day when
emotions run high it was during one of
those transition periods and in middle
schools those of the times that we have
to be very alert to what's happening
whether it's class change or end of the
day because you're moving in large
groups of students at one time
police say the seventh grader punched
the teacher in the face with his fist
while the room was chock full of other
students a woman outside the school who
did not want to be identified called it
a sucker punch
a check of the number of guns found at
Mobile County Public Schools showed new
firearms have been found at this one it
was an isolated incident yesterday this
does not happen often we've not had an
incident like this this year and of
course when we do we always you know act
immediately on it but someone's calling
yeah I'm still hey Mike
Richard Douglas heads up the Bible Club
at Hankins each week he holds a prayer
service before school with upwards of 50
kids Douglass doesn't want this incident
to overshadow the good going on at this
school hankies is not a bad school and
now my thing is when we label it is that
bad school you know you know just
general talk oh that's about school the
kids are gonna act out on that you know
that's a bad school must be a bad kid
you know and and hankins has got a lot
of great things there not everyone
agrees Casey Russell is one of them she
lives near hankins
do the best I can for my kids and I
definitely don't want over there because
I I really feel sorry for the teachers
there Peake says exactly what led up to
the alleged assault is still unclear
what we do know is that the seventh
grader is charged with assault in his
fate in the public school system could
be in jeopardy now this case is still
under investigation and of course we'll
continue to follow it for you